docs: add a preliminary protocol description (#162)
wlanslovenija/tunneldigger: docs/protocol.rst

Tunneldigger protocol
#####################

The Tunneldigger protocol is based on L2TPv3.
Tunneldigger implementing a custom control protocol,
while user data is encapsulated as L2TPv3 specifies.
This allows to use in kernel acceleration of the data path.

The L2TPv3 is specified in `RFC3931 <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3931>`_

Control packets
***************

Tunneldigger is not following RFC3931 for control messages.
Tunneldigger is only supporting the T bit in the first bit to
mark a packet as control data. All other fields of RFC3931
are ignore and have a different meaning..

> All fields are encoding as network byte order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All fields are encoded with network byte order.
```

Author: Ack

.. packetdiag::

    {
        colwidth = 16
        node_height = 48

        0:      T
        1-7:    0
        8-23:   Magic 0x73A7
        24-31:  Version
        32-39:  Type
        40-47:  Length

>         48-63:  Value

Reviewer: The length of value depends on the type; why do you write `48-63` here?

Author: Because it's a packet diagraph. I would like to have a value in there. It's only an example.

Reviewer: The problem is that it is not at all clear this is just an example. And that makes it very confusing IMO.

    }

* The T bit must be 1
* Version must be 1

> * Type of the PDU

Reviewer: What's a "PDU"?

Reviewer: Tunneldigger calls these CONTROL_TYPE or msg_type; that might be more suited terminology.

Author: Protocol data unit https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protocol_data_unit

Reviewer: I see. I don't think we use this term anywhere in tunneldigger though?
